OK since we have the information available right now in inside the state what we can do is just grab
the data directly from the state since we have only one object one.
When you use one musician one entry we can just loop that.
I'm sorry we can just display that and not create a map for it because we have only one result then
with the list it's going to be something else we're going to do a different component because we will
need to loop overhead to map overhead.
OK.
So let's start creating the GSX for this going to go right here at the bottom.
I'm going to say Dev and just open and close.
Now this container is going to be is going to have a class name and the class name is going to be artist
of bio.
That's good sense right.
So right from the start we can have an avatar.
So going to create a div with a class name of Avatar it's.
It my boss is kind of wearing out.
I've been recording like for I know five hours maybe more.
So sorry for that.
You're almost done with this.
I didn't want it to stop.
So OK.
So inside the Avatar I'm it created just a span to host the image.
So on a different section on the press section right here in the home I believe it's going to be the
banner that we have right here now.
Now the banner just wanted to double check.
Don't remember right now we have the style right here on the artist list.
We created a link and then we passed the style as in just a survival.
We created a construct of our will to host the image as a success and then we passed the viable.
Now we're going to do a we're going to do it in a different way.
I did this on purpose so I can show you two different ways.
Now what we can do we can grab this data and just put this style directly in line.
Right.
Right from here.
And not to use a variable.
So I'm going to I'm going to go to Pan and I'm going to use style.
Now the thing is that you might be thinking.
OK so you need to add the style.
So what you do is just back to X and you just add the information.
Well not really we would have sex whenever we want to use CSSA in the SS and type all the properties
right here.
We need to use double double curly braces.
Yeah.
And then I'm going to do background and con and then what do we need to do then we will use the the
attempted strings to just add the information about this property.
OK.
So this one is going to be you are all going to open and close and we're going to do a quote and it's
going to be hosted inside images for Slash then covers for Slash and I'm going to just do the word wrap
cars and we need to call this to this item to the name of the car.
So the name of the cover is going to be inside the state.
All right.
So we're going to do this Dodson's state DOT and then it's going to be artist dot and then cover.
OK.
And then we add J.
P. G.
Right.
You can add no repeat at the end.
No repeats.
Now what you can do instead of just doing that this state many times I'm just going to do it because
I'm just showing you what you can do the can you host you can just save this.
Does that state that artist inside of Barville.
And then just call devival.
You can do that.
No problem.
But I'm not going to do it right now.
I'm just going to show you the kind of the raw way.
So OK so we have this pan with a you're going to go right here.
Of course we're not going to get anything.
We need to style this.
So first before doing this style so we can go to the next section and style this and get it at all the
information are going to say class name.
And this one this container is going to be for the bio.
OK.
So inside via we're going to have the name of the artist.
So it's going to be H-3 going to open and close and it's going to be this that state that artist than
that name.
OK so save the page we get Jimi Hendrix.
That's good.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and we can have the violin the actual text.
So it's some dummy text so it's going to say depth and inside of a get out just out of class so I can
make a reference and change the font style.
So it's going to be bio text.
Let's get we're going to make.
We're going to call this dot state DOT artist and the name for this is going to be bio.
Everything is going to be in the side of Jason so you can check that out.
OK.
So we have the bio.
If I go to the application we get all the data.
That's fine.
So we should be working fine.
Now let's go to the next section let's add some styles to the header and the and the advice.
And then we will add the Alpert's.